but it displeased Jonah exceedingly and
he became angry
so he prayed to the Lord Lord was not
this what I said when I was still in my
country therefore I fled previously to
Tarshish for I know that you are a
gracious and merciful God slow to anger
and abundant and loving kindness one who
relents from doing harm
therefore now oh lord please take my
life from me for it is better for me to
die than to live
is it right for you to be angry so Jonah
went out of the city and sat on the east
side of the city there he made himself a
shelter and sat under it in the shade
till he might see what would become of
the city and the Lord God prepared a
plant and made it come up over Jonah
that it might be shade for his head to
deliver him from his misery so Jonah was
very grateful for the plant but as
morning dawn the next day God prepared a
worm and itself damaged the plant that
it's with us and it happened when the
Sun arose that God prepared a vehement
east wind and the Sun beat on Jonah's
head so that he grew faint then he
wished death for himself it is better
for me to die than to live is it right
for you to be angry about the plant it
is right for me to be angry even to
death you have had pity on the plant for
which you have not labored nor made it
grow which came up in a night and
perished in a night
and should I not pity Nineveh that great
city in which are more than 120,000
persons who cannot discern between their
right hand and their left and much
livestock
[Music]
you